Then, today as well...
did you bring me here to organize my thoughts?
Well, that's part of it...
I also thought about where you'd feel comfortable talking,
and this is the result.
Ian.
Don't you have something to tell me?
What do you mean?
Do you not want to tell me yet?
Or do you plan on never telling me?
Sunbae...
I didn't mean to see it,
but the notification popped up.
What did you see?
Wasn't that the company you've wanted to go to for a long time?
You were struggling so much with job hunting.
You should have told me.
I wanted to be the first one to congratulate you, more than anyone.
Sunbae, that's...
What are you doing?
Ah, I was checking the application results.
You said you were checking the results. Aren't you going to look?
I'm too nervous to look.
I'll hold your hand tight.
Sunbae.
Is this better?
Yes.
Ian, aren't you going to check?
Ah, yes.
(Job Rejection Email)
I knew it would be like this.
I fail every time.
That's the company's mistake.
How could they reject such a talent?
No...
It's because I'm lacking.
No. You'll definitely pass next time.
Where else can they find someone as hardworking as you?
I really wish I could be just like you, Sunbae.
Me?
Yes.
You had good grades in school,
and got a job quickly...
And you're about to be promoted...
You're probably the only one
getting promoted within a year of joining, Sunbae.
No. That was only possible because you were by my side.
I could never have done it alone.
Ian.
Next time, you'll definitely get into the place you want.
Shall we eat something delicious today?
I found a good restaurant.
Lean on me when things are tough.
Just as you stood by me,
I'll hold your hand tight too.
Hyung.
Finally, a smile.
Aren't you going to tell me yourself?
I was going to tell you myself.
But I just got contacted recently too,
so I was wondering how to say it...
Then tell me now.
I'm waiting with a happy heart.
I got accepted into Core Line.
And... my departure is the day before our 1st anniversary.
Congratulations, Ian.
Ha... Sunbae...
Ian... Look at me.
Why is your head down?
I'm sorry. For not telling you sooner.
I should have discussed it with you from the time I applied.
Did you think I'd be upset about that?
You could be upset.
Hmm... Well, I guess I am?
Hyung.
I'm kidding, just kidding.
The disappointment is only momentary.
I'm really happy that things worked out well for you.
I'm sorry.
Can't you smile for me a little?
How can I smile in this situation?
It's the place you wanted.
You got into the place you dreamed of.
Be happy for yourself too.
Hm?
I really want to see you smile.
Sunbae.
What's so difficult about it?
Just say it.
Are we breaking up just because you're going to America?
But we haven't been dating for that long...
We can't even celebrate our 1st anniversary...
What's the big deal about the 1st anniversary?
7 years, 10 years...
We're going to be together for a lifetime, aren't we?
Ah, Sunbae, really...
Why are you so good to me?
Why do you understand everything?
Because I don't want any more misunderstandings.
And because I decided
to tell you all my honest feelings.
As much as I like you,
I want things to go well for you even more.
Come back.
Do everything you want to do...
Show them all your talent, and come back.
Mm-hm. I will.
Let's have our 1st anniversary party in advance,
and go to the places you wanted,
and do everything you wanted to do.
Yes.
Did you pack everything?
If you need anything, just say it and I'll send it.
I packed everything...
It's just...
Can't bring yourself to leave?
Yeah...
Just leave coolly.
You're making me want to hold onto you.
I'm sorry.
That again.
Do you know you've been
apologizing once a day since you told me?
Did I?
Yes.
Ah, I don't want to let you go.
I want to keep you by my side.
What if I miss you too much?
Should I not go?
Don't say such scary things.
You have to go.
I don't want to be the bad guy who crushes his boyfriend's dream.
It's because I don't want to go either.
I'll miss you.
Me too.
I'll call you every day.
Tell me you love me every day too.
I love you.